I would say you almost without question anyone with the intellectual capacity
to enlist in the United States military today he is smart enough
to get some level of collegiate training maybe just at the associate
level but I think I can say that almost without exception so if
you're considering a military career then presumably you know your
at the level that you can get to high school get a high school diploma
done well enough that you can give the military then you can go
right to associate and you probably can go all the way to a bachelors
too much trouble you're gonna have to work a little harder you have
to think a little more you can have to stretch yourself some but you
can do that so the whole concept of if I'm not smart enough to go
to college than whites if you literally you know let's just take it
from the abstract if you would literally are not smart enough to do
collegiate level work then you're probably not smart enough to be in
the military what do you do then are there a lot of very satisfying
jobs that you can do with the intellectual capability you've been
given but that just the fact you even participating in this program
indicates to me that that's a question you should be asking